#### fullgrind-apex-legends #### APEX LEGENDS WITH THE FULL GRIND PREDATOR SKILL and GAME PLAY IMPLEMENTED FOR YOU.  LOOK AND PLAY JUST LIKE A PRO, AND DO NOT GET BANNED #####
FULL-GRIND APEX LEGENDS is a very advanced, multiple functionality WINDOWS 10 and WINDOWS 11 Apex Legends cheat Predator-emulating skill level. Was only used for the last 4 seasons by myself and two others,     
   (just our squad, nobody else) in which we were never detected or even looked at twice. Depending on how you tweak your settings for the Aimbot and Recoil-Compensation, how smart you play in game (do not be obvious if you do not want a ban, pretty simple) 
You must follow instructions for running it explicitly, or you will get yourself banned.  Just read all of this "README" and if you are smart enough to JUST BE ABLE TO FOLLOW SIMPLE DIRECTIONS, THIS WILL REMAIN UNDETECTED and allow you to achieve 5 consecutive seasons of PREDATOR without ever being banned or caught.  This has only been used by myself and my two other ranked team members. THEY are the ones you can also thank for me doing this open-source, because if it were not for them doing a lot of convincing, this beautiful program would be going up for sale, for a lot per month license.  Due to how busy i am with work also contributed to me not wanting to build out a cheat website, means for implementing a license per buyer, and all the other headaches that you can only imagine would come with that.  Now, with my rant out of the way, DO NOT EXPECT SUPPORT other than this README.  EVERYTHING you need to know is in here.  Also, when Apex has an update, offsets that go into this program will be updated within 12-24 hours, so if you NOTICE A GAME UPDATE DO NOT EVEN RUN THIS UNTIL CHECKING ON THIS PAGE FOR THE UPDATE, it is designed to just explicitly crash the game in case offsets are wrong, to avoid getting banned.  You never can be too sure though, if you see a game update do not even try until looking here, you have your final warning. TL;DR (please, read EVERYTHING on here, but here is the brass tax for you people with a quarter of a brain) - - ONLY BEING AN IN GAME OBVIOUS MORON WILL EVER GET YOU BANNED - -  
This is a fully reworked season 19 apex legends AIMBOT/TRIGGERBOT/SENSE+ESP+LOOTFINDER+SITUATIONAL-AWARENESS WINDOWS 10 or 11 cheat, in which any requests to get the SOURCE will be laughed at and ignored. (ADVANCED HUMAN-LIKE TRACKING AND SMOOTHING, SMART RANGE and BULLET DROP ESTIMATIONS I.R.T, TRIGGERBOT that is set to ATTACK bind / SENSE + reWORKED ESP + SITUATIONAL AWARENESS for LOOT, CUSTOM GLOW LOGIC in which Enemies GLOW BASED ON CURRENT SHIELD COLOR, LOOT ITEMS GLOW INSIDE ANY BOX/CRATE/PACKAGE also based on their tier)


RUNNING AND CHANGING CHEAT MENU OPTIONS:

1.) You no longer need to run the 'crss.exe' file from an external USB/Flash Drive, you can now run the .exe file from ANYWHERE on your computer, but as always just make sure it is done as an Administrator.  
2.) Make sure you have started the game, and get into the main game menu-screen that has your legend showing, then alt-tab and right click on the crss.exe, select "Run As Administrator" and make sure your anti-virus has not stopped the program from running, especially if you are using windows defender there can be issues (if not working in Apex, disable defender)
3.) Use the "Insert" key to bring up the in game cheat menu, select all of your options that you want to have on, and make sure you click "save changes" at the bottom of the menu before pressing "Insert" again to close the menu. (if you do not click save changes none of the cheat menu options you selected will work)
4.) Now, once you saved your changes and have closed the menu, join any game type you would like.  Remember though, once you start matchmaking and actually join a game, you WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CHANGE CHEAT OPTIONS until you are out of a game back at the manin menu. So knowing that, join any game....
5.) Play better than a pred, fullllll grindddddddd apexxxxxx.
6.) Win. Win. Win. Win.
